README.md, before:

WeeKit is a tiny toolkit for writing interactive applications in Rust.

Initially built to support Raspberry Pi and macOS, 
WeeKit wraps the OpenVG library in a Rust interface,
adds higher-level drawing functions on that OpenVG base,
and uses platform-specific C libraries and system
calls to support interactive touch-, mouse-, and keyboard-
based applications.
 
WeeKit is a side project, a work in progress, and a learning
exercise in Rust, so you're likely to find it very incomplete.
But feel free to join in the fun!

## Copyright

Copyright 2018 by [the WeeKit Authors](AUTHORS.md).

## License

Released under the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE.txt) license.

## Rust Version

WeeKit is tested with Rust 1.26.2.

The easiest way to get Rust is to install it with [rustup](https://rustup.rs).

# WeeKit on Raspberry Pi

## Dependencies

On Raspberry Pi, WeeKit requires `clang` and `libjpeg-dev`. Install them with the following:

```
% sudo apt-get install clang libjpeg-dev -y
```

## Hardware Configuration

On Raspberry Pi, the touchscreen is assumed to be at `/dev/input/touchscreen`
and the keyboard at `/dev/input/keyboard`.

To map the 7" touchscreen, create the following file:

```
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/70-touchscreen-raspberrypi.rules 
KERNEL=="event*",ATTRS{name}=="FT5406 memory based driver",SYMLINK+="input/touchscreen",MODE="0440"
```

To map the keyboard, create the following file:

```
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/80-keyboard.rules 
KERNEL=="event*",ENV{ID_INPUT_KEYBOARD}=="?*",SYMLINK+="input/keyboard",MODE="0440"
```

After rebooting, you should find `/dev/input/touchscreen` and `/dev/input/keyboard`.

## Make on Raspberry Pi

To build with `make`, link `Makefile.pi` with `ln -s Makefile.pi Makefile`.

## How it works

On Raspberry Pi, WeeKit applications are built as standalone binaries that include 
additional platform-specific C code that is built and linked into the application.
This code implements an event loop and calls WeeKit application implementations using 
exposed functions with C linkage that call functions of the WeeKit Application trait.

# WeeKit on macOS

## Dependencies

On macOS, WeeKit uses the [AmanithVG SDK](https://github.com/Mazatech/amanithvg-sdk.git) for
OpenVG support. Download it into the [third-party](third-party) directory by running
[third-party/RUNME-MACOS.sh](third-party/RUNME-MACOS.sh) in [third-party](third-party).

## Make on macOS

To build with `make`, link `Makefile.macOS` with `ln -s Makefile.macOS Makefile`.

## How it works

On macOS, WeeKit applications are built as binaries to be placed in a macOS application bundle.
Currently this is done `Makefile.macOS`, which also builds a shared library containing 
platform-specific helper functions including a Cocoa main event loop. WeeKit applications
are called from this event loop using exposed functions with C linkage that call functions
of the WeeKit Application trait.

Commit message:

update README with libjpeg info.

README.md, after:

WeeKit is a tiny toolkit for writing interactive applications in Rust.

Initially built to support Raspberry Pi and macOS, 
WeeKit wraps the OpenVG library in a Rust interface,
adds higher-level drawing functions on that OpenVG base,
and uses platform-specific C libraries and system
calls to support interactive touch-, mouse-, and keyboard-
based applications.
 
WeeKit is a side project, a work in progress, and a learning
exercise in Rust, so you're likely to find it very incomplete.
But feel free to join in the fun!

## Copyright

Copyright 2018 by [the WeeKit Authors](AUTHORS.md).

## License

Released under the [Apache 2.0](LICENSE.txt) license.

## Rust Version

WeeKit is tested with Rust 1.26.2.

The easiest way to get Rust is to install it with [rustup](https://rustup.rs).

# WeeKit on Raspberry Pi

## Dependencies

On Raspberry Pi, WeeKit requires `clang` and `libjpeg-dev`. Install them with the following:

```
% sudo apt-get install clang libjpeg-dev -y
```

## Hardware Configuration

On Raspberry Pi, the touchscreen is assumed to be at `/dev/input/touchscreen`
and the keyboard at `/dev/input/keyboard`.

To map the 7" touchscreen, create the following file:

```
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/70-touchscreen-raspberrypi.rules 
KERNEL=="event*",ATTRS{name}=="FT5406 memory based driver",SYMLINK+="input/touchscreen",MODE="0440"
```

To map the keyboard, create the following file:

```
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/80-keyboard.rules 
KERNEL=="event*",ENV{ID_INPUT_KEYBOARD}=="?*",SYMLINK+="input/keyboard",MODE="0440"
```

After rebooting, you should find `/dev/input/touchscreen` and `/dev/input/keyboard`.

## Make on Raspberry Pi

To build with `make`, link `Makefile.pi` with `ln -s Makefile.pi Makefile`.

## How it works

On Raspberry Pi, WeeKit applications are built as standalone binaries that include 
additional platform-specific C code that is built and linked into the application.
This code implements an event loop and calls WeeKit application implementations using 
exposed functions with C linkage that call functions of the WeeKit Application trait.

# WeeKit on macOS

## Dependencies

On macOS, WeeKit uses the [AmanithVG SDK](https://github.com/Mazatech/amanithvg-sdk.git) for
OpenVG support. Download it into the [third-party](third-party) directory by running
[third-party/RUNME-MACOS.sh](third-party/RUNME-MACOS.sh) in [third-party](third-party).

WeeKit on macOS also requires [libjpeg](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libjpeg). 
We build it from source downloaded from the [Independent JPEG Group](http://www.ijg.org/)
and currently use `jpegsrc.v9c.tar.gz`, available in the [files](http://www.ijg.org/files) area.

## Make on macOS

To build with `make`, link `Makefile.macOS` with `ln -s Makefile.macOS Makefile`.

## How it works

On macOS, WeeKit applications are built as binaries to be placed in a macOS application bundle.
Currently this is done `Makefile.macOS`, which also builds a shared library containing 
platform-specific helper functions including a Cocoa main event loop. WeeKit applications
are called from this event loop using exposed functions with C linkage that call functions
of the WeeKit Application trait.
